Experiment: EVM RPC prototype (#64)
internet-computer-protocol/ic-eth-rpc: API.md

```candid
type Source = variant {
  Chain : nat64;
  Service : record { hostname : text; chain_id : opt nat64 };
  Provider : nat64;
  Custom : { url : text; headers : opt vec (text, text) };
};

request: (source: Source, json_rpc_payload: text, max_response_bytes: nat64) -> (Result<text, RpcError>);
```

* `source`: Any of the following enum variants:
  * `Chain: nat64` The relevant EVM network identifier ([reference list](https://chainlist.org/?testnets=true)).
  * `Service: { hostname: text, chain_id: opt nat64 }` A specific RPC service with the given hostname (e.g. `cloudflare-eth.com`) and optional chain id (`0x1` for Ethereum mainnet).
  * `Provider: nat64` The ID of the provider to be used for this call. Call `get_providers` to view a full list of providers.

>   * `Custom : { url : text; headers : opt vec (text, text) }` The URL of the service, including any API key if required for access-protected services. It's only recommended to use this if no registered RPC provider exists for a given EVM network.

Reviewer: Where is the use of headers defined? And why is a header of type `(text, text)`?

type Auth = variant { Rpc; RegisterProvider; Admin };
```

The `Auth` variant defines the following mutually inclusive capabilities:

* `PriorityRpc`:
  * Canisters with this permission may continue to use the canister when open RPC access is deactivated by an administrator (e.g. in the event of a DoS attack). 
* `FreeRpc`:
  * Perform RPC requests without sending cycles.
* `RegisterProvider`:
  * Create new RPC providers.
  * Update and remove providers originally created by the same principal.
* `ManageService`:
  * Add and remove canister permissions.
  * Read and write canister stable memory for debugging purposes.

>   * Temporarily restrict RPC access to canisters with the `PriorityRpc` permission.

Reviewer: Why "temporarily"? Does that mean it is not possible to restrict access indefinitely?
If there is no time bound, "temporarily" should be removed.

Author: How about this?

```suggestion
  * Restrict RPC access to canisters with the `PriorityRpc` permission (intended as a temporary measure to mitigate DoS attacks).
```
